# CSUG-Capstone-Project
For my capstone project, I decided to do conduct some research into the telecommunications industry because, regardless of what industry most people are in, telecommunications play a big role in the lives of everyone, from connecting us to our loved ones, to leveraging telecommunications for business and the sharing of all sorts of information. Another reason why I selected to conduct my research in this industry is because despite of the recent advances in technology and AI, which may have negatively impacted other industries, the telecom industry has placed itself in a position where most business depend heavily on it to conduct their day-to-day business operations successfully and efficiently. It is evident that the telecom industry is an interesting example and use case for this capstone project as it seems to be one of those few industries that can use current and future business trends as either threats, or opportunities, or both depending on their use of analytics to adjust to these trends and advancements.

The primary aim and most concrete product of this research is to generate a predictive model with customer churn in the telecom industry as the target outcome. Some objectives associated to the primary aim are the following:
  •	Produce business questions related to the research business problem along with their respective null and alternate hypotheses.
  •	Train and validate predictive model to predict customer churn.
  •	Pinpoint key elements leading to customer churn.
  •	Provide insights and recommendations to help telecom companies reduce customer churn.

The primary software/tool used for this study is SAS Studio where descriptive and statistical analysis is conducted on relevant variables from a dataset that contains historical account and demographic data of customers who have churned or have stayed with their telecommunications provider. A logistic regression model is applied to the data to determine which variables seem to have a more significant impact on the target variable, churn. The results and findings will allow me to contribute to already existing research by providing the variables that could indicate a customer is at risk for churn, supporting or disproving current research, and ultimately determining what a good customer retention strategy could look like for a company in this industry.
